Moonmist Transform all Humans. Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt this turn by creatures other than Werewolves and Wolves. (Only double-faced cards can be transformed.)
Accursed Spirit Intimidate (This creature can't be blocked except by artifact creatures and/or creatures that share a color with it.)
Wojek Bodyguard Mentor (Whenever this creature attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on target attacking creature with lesser power.)
Wojek Bodyguard can't attack or block alone.
Elder of Laurels {3}{G}: Target creature gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of creatures you control.
Molten Primordial Haste
When Molten Primordial enters the battlefield, for each opponent, gain control of up to one target creature that player controls until end of turn. Untap those creatures. They gain haste until end of turn.
Sunrise Sovereign Other Giant creatures you control get +2/+2 and have trample.
Conclave Equenaut Convoke (Your creatures can help cast this spell. Each creature you tap while casting this spell pays for {1} or one mana of that creature's color.)
Flying
The Grand Calcutron When The Grand Calcutron enters the battlefield, each player's hand becomes a program (an ordered row of revealed cards).
Players can only play the first card of their program.
If a card would be put into a player's hand from anywhere, that player reveals it and places it anywhere within their program instead.
At the beginning of each player's end step, if that player's program has fewer than five cards, they draw cards equal to the difference.
Ghostly Flame Black and/or red permanents and spells are colorless sources of damage.
Peregrine Griffin Flying
First strike (This creature deals combat damage before creatures without first strike.)
High Priest of Penance Whenever High Priest of Penance is dealt damage, you may destroy target nonland permanent.
Megatherium Trample
When Megatherium enters the battlefield, sacrifice it unless you pay {1} for each card in your hand.
Jace's Sen